85.  will discuss allegations, or measures being taken against, corrupt public officials of any worldwide.   
59.    will report a type of weather event which has directly caused   
56.    will include a prediction about the prime lending rate, or will report an actual prime rate move.   
71.    will report by land, air, or water into the border area of one country by military forces of a country or a guerrilla group based in a country.   
64.    will report an event or result of politically motivated hostage-taking.  
62.    will report a military coup, either attempted or successful, in any country.   
93.    must describe or identify of the National Rifle Association (NRA) or its assets.  
99.    will identify a development in the Iran-Contra   
58.    will predict or anticipate a rail strike or report an rail  strike.     
77.    will report a poaching used against a certain type of wildlife.  
54.    will cite the signing, preliminary, or the making of a tentative, to launch a commercial satellite.
87.    will report on criminal actions against officers of a financial institution.   
94.    must identify a crime perpetrated with the aid of a computer.   
100.    will identify efforts by the communist to regulate the transfer or "dual-use" technologies to undesirable nations.   
89.    must identify an existing or pending investment by an OPEC in any "downstream" operation.   
61.    will discuss the role of Israel in the Iran-Contra Affair.   
95.    must describe a computer application to crime solving
68.    will report actual studies, or even unsubstantiated about the safety to employees and installation workers used in insulation and other products.   
57.    will discuss how MCI has been doing since the Bell System breakup.   
97.    must identify instances of fiber optics technology actually in use.    
98.    must identify individuals or organizations which produce fiber optics equipment.   
60.    will describe either one or both sides of the controversy over the use of standards of performance for salary levels and pay as contrasted with determining pay solely on the basis of seniority on the job.   
80.    will identify something about the platform of a 1988 presidential  candidate.   
63.    will identify a machine translation.   
91.    will identify by the Army of specified advanced weapons systems.   


